What!
It was compromised.
I'll be right there.
Xiaoye hands over the company to you
And that's how I run it.
The Longcheng project is a year's hard work of the group.
Since you leaked it like this
Are you going to make the entire group's efforts
All for nothing?
The project is me locked in a drawer
Impossible to leak?
What else do you have to quibble about?
This is not something 10 billion can solve
Last night?
The Wang family saw you
The last person to leave the company
If you hadn't leaked
Who else could it be?
I see, since it was you who leaked the secret
Then you 10 billion pay for it
Really? Last night?
I did see Song Nianyi
Last to leave the office
He was smiling so happily when he was about to die
I really don't take the old lady and Long Shao seriously
Screenshot book is right
You're fired.
Leaking confidential company documents
The company reserves the right to sue
Enough, Song Nianyi
At this point, you're still arguing.
How do you deserve to be the CEO of a company?
old lady
I respect you before I call you old lady
But you must have forgotten
You have been out of this group for many years
Now I'm the head of this group